But Ye Fan
No way, definitely not that kid
Even if he has made a fortune recently
But definitely just a nouveau riche
Where did he get so much energy?
Dare to oppose our Wang family
It won't be Xu Jiacai who will help
After all, Ye Fan has been very close to the Xu family recently
Impossible is false
Definitely not so much energy
Yeah.
Wait for me wait for me
Why arrest my son?
Why just your son
Chest killing
Dad, I didn't kill people with boobs
It was him, it was him who slandered me
His father, he's with the savages
Are they teaming up for personal revenge?
Dad, be honest
Immortal public revenge
Is it Wang Kuan?
Scar is already 680
Do you still want to continue to quibble?